dolog changes (#71)
SpecialeBajs/Rapport: article/experimental-settings.tex

\subsection{Experimental Settings}
\subsubsection{Parameter settings}
All baseline methods uses BPR loss and have the embedding size set to 64.

> For optimization Adam is used with an initial learning rate of $1e-2$

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For optimization Adam is used with an initial learning rate of $1e-4$
```

BPR is described in \autoref{subsubsec:BPR} and Adam is described in \autoref{subsubsec:Adam}.

> The batch size is set to 1024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The batch size is set to 2048.
```

For all test in \autoref{subsec:performance-com}, the number of convolutions are set to 3, except for PUP where the convolution is set to 1.

> PUP never specifies in their paper, how many convolutions they used in their experiments, but with the code we received, we came to the conclusion that they only use 1 convolution in PUP.

Reviewer: måske skrive om hvad vi har brugt i PUP som parametre

\subsection{Experimental Settings}
\subsubsection{Parameter settings}

> All baseline methods uses BPR loss and have the embedding size set to 64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All baseline methods use BPR loss as their loss function and have the embedding size set to 64.
```

For optimization Adam is used with an initial learning rate of $1e-4$
BPR is described in \autoref{subsubsec:BPR} and Adam is described in \autoref{subsubsec:Adam}.
The batch size is set to 2048.
For all test in \autoref{subsec:performance-com}, the number of convolutions are set to 3.
The settings for PUP are different as the authors of PUP used other settings.
The batch size for PUP is 1024, and the initial learning rate is $1e-2$

> The number convolution is set to 1.

Reviewer: ud fra de som du skriver i den næste sætning passer det vel ikke. Vi sætter ikke convolutions til noget som helst 🤔 
```suggestion
```

PUP never specifies in their paper, how many convolutions they used in their experiments, but with the code we received, we came to the conclusion that they only use 1 convolution in PUP.

\subsubsection{Evaluation metrics}

> The evaluation metrics for rating top k recommendation, we utilize Recall@K and NDCG@K where K is set to 50 and 100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The evaluation metrics used for rating top k recommendation are Recall@K and NDCG@K where K is set to 50 and 100.
```
